9/6/2025
I want to build this because of Bryan (anyon_e project). I saw his laptop video on LTT months ago; sitting in class bored out of my mind I thought how cool it would be if I had a class building a laptop.
More importantly, in this world I need to stand out. What I am particularly passionate about is PC hardware & I have been that way since I was a kid. Building this laptop seems to be an incredible challenge, one that is long but one that is rewarding. 
Bryan did the RK3588, I believe he did this to prove the point that an individual can make their own laptop. I am doing the OrinNX because the RK3588 is already done. This will be harder because of the 8 layers needed for the PCB.
It will be faster however. We know faster is cooler. Therefore, even if it takes a year, it'll be worth it. And more importantly, it will be mine. Mine own piece of tech! How satisfying. 
I am a senior in computer engineering, I hope this to be done before the new year; which sounds ambitious.

It looks like theres no official NVIDIA dev kit for the Orin NX, just the nano and the agx. AGX is too big to fit into a nice slim laptop, nano.. not powerful enough. 
It seems to orin NX and nano are pin to pin compatible. 


9/7/2025 
Going to make a road map of what I have to learn. 
Landed on just starting to understand KiCAD first. Since everything is currently be shipped and will take awhile; I can get a head start on designing the PCB. Going through all the getting started documents today. 

9/8/2025
Finished the KiCAD tutorial. Successfully going from "Where the hell do I start?" to "What the hell now?". But progress is progress. My next step is to successfully implement basic designs of a motherboard into KiCAD.
Understand more of PCB's in general. Not much else to do today. 
Watching Rick Hartley's "How to achieve proper grounding". After this I will go through Dave Jones PCB Design tutorial. 
9/9/2025
Saving Rick's video until I can understand more about the terms being used, a lot was going over my head. Went through Dave Jones PCB design tutorial, today I will watch more Phil's Lab videos to turn online documents
into my PCB design software, I need to understand much more about schematics, footprints, and PCB still. Along with practicing good PCB design. 
9/10/2025 
Feels like I didn't do much yesterday, Tried getting started on a schematic but still feels like a lot to put together, did watch a lot of Phil's Lab. Going to continue with that today. Need to just hammer in the basics of PCB's and KiCAD


9/12/25 
No work was done yesterday. Today will be finishing Phil's Lab STM32 basic walkthrough tutorial.
Change of plan. I think the best option is to get the SODIMM connector done and just ensure I know the process of doing that, get that onto a PCB, understand all there is to understand of it (in terms of PCB design) and branch out from there.
I believe that will be the hardest step. I need to get the ball rolling. 
9/14/25
Still watching more youtube videos; trying to understand more about overall PCB design like traces or crosstalk or varying layers of PCB's and where to put a signal and ground plane. A lot to learn but slowly chipping away.

9/28/25
Bought some courses to continue learning. Still have a lot to go to cover all my bases in an adequate manner. Been more consistent about learning, trying to actively learn about an hour a day now. 
9/29/25
Not sure how much I will update this throughout the learning process as there is not much to document. Like previously stated aiming for an hour a day of active learning, ideally more.
10/4/25
Currently looking through an open source carrier motherboard schematic for the Orin NX. Trying to understand page by page of what they are doing and what I can take from this schematic and apply it to my own schematic and design, some things are fantastic ideas here. Phil's Lab said don't reinvent the wheel!
10/5/25 
Finished going through all the pages of the Schematic, going to learn what I apply from this into my own schematic, its a great place to start.
10/6/25
Starting my own schematic today
10/10/25
Got busy with exams, had to take a break, schematic is going slow than I would want but slow is better than not moving forward at all. Utilizing as much reference material as I can and most importantly, trying to understand it all.
10/24/25 
Still working on the schematic, a lot of progress has been made, and a lot of learning too, I would say I am almost finished, very happy with the results so far.
11/2/25 
Finished the schematic, starting with the PCB now, I hope it won't take longer than the schematic but we'll see.
11/14/25
Definitely didn't take longer than the schematic, finished the routing, harder than I expected but still happy on the timeline that I'm on, I need to double check, and then triple check everything, then go through the processes of ensuring its right for manufactuaring, BOM consolidation, etc, and then bring up the board.
I would say as time has gone on, I have spent increasingly more time on this project, which I think is a good thing. It's a fun challenge.
